README.md, before:

# Artemo AI Dashboard - Production Blueprint

> **Complete Production-Ready SaaS Platform**  
> **Status**: ✅ Backend Fully Integrated & Production Ready  
> **Deployment**: Live at https://nevaman-artemo-2-0-i-mync.bolt.host  
> **Architecture**: Full-Stack with Supabase Backend  
> **AI Integration**: Claude (primary) + OpenAI (fallback) via Edge Functions  

---

## 🎯 **PROJECT OVERVIEW**

**Artemo AI Dashboard** is a **fully dynamic, AI-powered platform** for copywriters and content creators. Administrators create unlimited custom tools through an intuitive interface - no coding required.

### **Core Philosophy: Dynamic by Design**
- ❌ **No Hardcoded Tools**: Every tool, category, and feature is created through the admin panel
- ✅ **Infinite Scalability**: Administrators can create unlimited tools across any category  
- ✅ **Complete Customization**: Each tool can have unique AI model preferences, question sequences, and knowledge base integrations
- ✅ **User-Driven Experience**: Projects, chat history, and workflows based entirely on user interactions
- ✅ **Intelligent Tool Recommendations**: AI-powered suggestions based on user behavior and project context
- ✅ **Sequential Question Flows**: Admin-defined conversation structures with progress tracking

---

## 🏗️ **TECHNICAL ARCHITECTURE**

### **Technology Stack**
- **Frontend**: React 19 + TypeScript + Vite + Tailwind CSS
- **Backend**: Supabase (PostgreSQL + Auth + Storage + Edge Functions)
- **State Management**: Zustand for global state
- **AI Integration**: Claude (primary) + OpenAI GPT-4o-mini (fallback)

### **System Architecture**

**Frontend Layer (React + TypeScript + Vite)**
- **User Dashboard**: Tool discovery, project management, quick actions
- **Admin Panel**: Tool creation wizard, category management, user administration
- **Chat Interface**: AI conversation with question sequences and progress tracking
- **Project Management**: Work organization, tagging, history

**Authentication & Security (Supabase Auth)**
- **User Management**: Registration, login, profile, role-based access
- **Security**: JWT tokens, session validation, Row Level Security (RLS)

**AI Processing (Edge Functions)**
- **AI Chat Processing**: Dynamic tool configuration, AI routing, fallback logic
- **File Upload**: Knowledge base document processing
- **Real-time Updates**: Live tool updates, user activity

**Data Layer (PostgreSQL + Storage)**
- **Dynamic Tools**: Admin-created tools with custom configurations
- **User Data**: Projects, chat sessions, personal content
- **Knowledge Base**: Document storage for AI context (PDF, DOCX, TXT, MD)

---

## 🗄️ **SYSTEM ARCHITECTURE**

### **Database & Security**
- **PostgreSQL**: 11 core tables with comprehensive RLS policies (47 total policies)
- **Vector Search**: Tool embeddings for intelligent recommendations
- **Audit Trail**: Complete administrative action logging
- **File Processing**: Automated text extraction from uploaded documents

**For detailed schema:** [docs/DATABASE_SCHEMA.md](docs/DATABASE_SCHEMA.md)  
**For security policies:** [docs/RLS_POLICIES.md](docs/RLS_POLICIES.md)

---

## 🔌 **API ARCHITECTURE**

### **Service Architecture**
- **AppApiService**: User-facing operations (tools, projects, chat)
- **AdminApiService**: Administrative operations (user management, analytics)
- **AuthService**: Authentication with session stability management
- **StorageService**: File upload and processing with text extraction
- **VectorSearchService**: AI-powered tool recommendations

---

## 🤖 **AI INTEGRATION ARCHITECTURE**

### **Edge Function: AI Chat Processing**
- **Multi-Model Support**: Claude (primary) + OpenAI GPT-4o-mini (fallback)
- **Knowledge Base Integration**: Tool-level and chat-level document context
- **Client Profile Support**: Personalized responses based on client data
- **Intelligent Fallback**: Automatic model switching with usage analytics
- **Vector Search**: Optimized tool recommendations with token savings

---

## 🎨 **FRONTEND COMPONENT ARCHITECTURE**

### **Component Structure**
- **Authentication**: Login, registration, route protection
- **Dashboard**: Main interface, tool discovery, quick actions
- **Admin**: Tool creation wizard, management interfaces
- **Chat**: AI conversation, question sequences, progress tracking
- **Projects**: Organization, tagging, history
- **Knowledge**: File upload, text extraction, vector embeddings
- **Shared**: Reusable UI elements, navigation

### **State Management (Zustand)**
- **Authentication Store**: User data, profile, admin status
- **Tools Store**: Dynamic tools, categories, featured tools
- **Project Store**: User projects, tags, operations
- **Chat Store**: Conversation state, message history

---

## ✅ **IMPLEMENTATION STATUS**

### **Completed Features**
- ✅ **Complete Backend Integration**: Supabase with PostgreSQL, Auth, Storage, Edge Functions
- ✅ **Dynamic Tool System**: Admin-created tools with no hardcoded content
- ✅ **AI Integration**: Claude + OpenAI with intelligent fallback and vector search
- ✅ **User Management**: Authentication, profiles, role-based access control
- ✅ **Project System**: User projects with client profile integration
- ✅ **File Processing**: PDF, DOCX, TXT, MD extraction for AI context
- ✅ **Admin Panel**: Complete tool/category/user/announcement management
- ✅ **Vector Search**: Optimized tool recommendations with embeddings
- ✅ **Production Deployment**: Live and accessible

---


## 🔧 **DEVELOPMENT SETUP**

### **Prerequisites**
- **Bolt Environment**: Access to Bolt with Claude Sonnet 4
- **Supabase Project**: URL and anon key
- **API Keys**: Anthropic (Claude) and OpenAI (GPT-4o-mini)

### **Environment Variables**
```bash
VITE_SUPABASE_URL=your_supabase_project_url
VITE_SUPABASE_ANON_KEY=your_supabase_anon_key
ANTHROPIC_API_KEY=your_anthropic_api_key
OPENAI_API_KEY=your_openai_api_key
```

---

## 📊 **TESTING STRATEGY**

### **Test Coverage Goals**
- **Unit Tests**: 80%+ coverage for services and utilities
- **Integration Tests**: API endpoints, database operations, AI integration
- **E2E Tests**: Critical user flows, admin operations, chat functionality

---

## 🚀 **DEPLOYMENT STRATEGY**

### **Production Environment**
- **Frontend**: Vercel/Netlify with automatic deployments
- **Backend**: Supabase cloud infrastructure
- **Edge Functions**: Auto-deployed to Supabase Edge Runtime
- **Database**: PostgreSQL on Supabase cloud

---

## 🔒 **SECURITY CONSIDERATIONS**

### **Data Protection**
- **Row Level Security**: Database-level user data isolation
- **API Security**: Protected endpoints with authentication
- **File Security**: Secure upload with validation
- **Input Validation**: Comprehensive sanitization

---

## 🎯 **SUCCESS METRICS**

### **User Experience**
- ✅ **Time to Value**: Content creation within 2 minutes
- ✅ **User Retention**: Project-based organization encourages long-term use
- ✅ **Feature Adoption**: Core features fully implemented and functional

### **Technical Performance**
- ✅ **Performance**: Optimized with vector search and efficient data fetching
- ✅ **Reliability**: Comprehensive error handling and auth stability
- ✅ **Scalability**: Dynamic architecture supports unlimited tools and users

---

## 🎉 **CONCLUSION**

This platform is a **fully functional, production-ready SaaS application** built with modern technologies and best practices.

### **Key Implementation Benefits**
- ✅ **AI-First Architecture**: Multi-model support with intelligent fallback
- ✅ **Dynamic System**: Flexible, scalable architecture
- ✅ **User Experience**: Intuitive interfaces, no technical knowledge required
- ✅ **Performance**: Optimized for real-time AI processing
- ✅ **Security**: Comprehensive data protection and isolation

**Production-ready and actively deployed!** 🚀

---

**For detailed documentation, refer to the `docs/` folder.**

*Version: 3.0 - Production Documentation*

Commit message:

Add dedicated invite password setup flow

README.md, after:

# Artemo AI Dashboard - Production Blueprint

> **Complete Production-Ready SaaS Platform**  
> **Status**: ✅ Backend Fully Integrated & Production Ready  
> **Deployment**: Live at https://nevaman-artemo-2-0-i-mync.bolt.host  
> **Architecture**: Full-Stack with Supabase Backend  
> **AI Integration**: Claude (primary) + OpenAI (fallback) via Edge Functions  

---

## 🎯 **PROJECT OVERVIEW**

**Artemo AI Dashboard** is a **fully dynamic, AI-powered platform** for copywriters and content creators. Administrators create unlimited custom tools through an intuitive interface - no coding required.

### **Core Philosophy: Dynamic by Design**
- ❌ **No Hardcoded Tools**: Every tool, category, and feature is created through the admin panel
- ✅ **Infinite Scalability**: Administrators can create unlimited tools across any category  
- ✅ **Complete Customization**: Each tool can have unique AI model preferences, question sequences, and knowledge base integrations
- ✅ **User-Driven Experience**: Projects, chat history, and workflows based entirely on user interactions
- ✅ **Intelligent Tool Recommendations**: AI-powered suggestions based on user behavior and project context
- ✅ **Sequential Question Flows**: Admin-defined conversation structures with progress tracking

---

## 🏗️ **TECHNICAL ARCHITECTURE**

### **Technology Stack**
- **Frontend**: React 19 + TypeScript + Vite + Tailwind CSS
- **Backend**: Supabase (PostgreSQL + Auth + Storage + Edge Functions)
- **State Management**: Zustand for global state
- **AI Integration**: Claude (primary) + OpenAI GPT-4o-mini (fallback)

### **System Architecture**

**Frontend Layer (React + TypeScript + Vite)**
- **User Dashboard**: Tool discovery, project management, quick actions
- **Admin Panel**: Tool creation wizard, category management, user administration
- **Chat Interface**: AI conversation with question sequences and progress tracking
- **Project Management**: Work organization, tagging, history

**Authentication & Security (Supabase Auth)**
- **User Management**: Registration, login, profile, role-based access
- **Security**: JWT tokens, session validation, Row Level Security (RLS)

**AI Processing (Edge Functions)**
- **AI Chat Processing**: Dynamic tool configuration, AI routing, fallback logic
- **File Upload**: Knowledge base document processing
- **Real-time Updates**: Live tool updates, user activity

**Data Layer (PostgreSQL + Storage)**
- **Dynamic Tools**: Admin-created tools with custom configurations
- **User Data**: Projects, chat sessions, personal content
- **Knowledge Base**: Document storage for AI context (PDF, DOCX, TXT, MD)

---

## 🗄️ **SYSTEM ARCHITECTURE**

### **Database & Security**
- **PostgreSQL**: 11 core tables with comprehensive RLS policies (47 total policies)
- **Vector Search**: Tool embeddings for intelligent recommendations
- **Audit Trail**: Complete administrative action logging
- **File Processing**: Automated text extraction from uploaded documents

**For detailed schema:** [docs/DATABASE_SCHEMA.md](docs/DATABASE_SCHEMA.md)  
**For security policies:** [docs/RLS_POLICIES.md](docs/RLS_POLICIES.md)

---

## 🔌 **API ARCHITECTURE**

### **Service Architecture**
- **AppApiService**: User-facing operations (tools, projects, chat)
- **AdminApiService**: Administrative operations (user management, analytics)
- **AuthService**: Authentication with session stability management
- **StorageService**: File upload and processing with text extraction
- **VectorSearchService**: AI-powered tool recommendations

---

## 🤖 **AI INTEGRATION ARCHITECTURE**

### **Edge Function: AI Chat Processing**
- **Multi-Model Support**: Claude (primary) + OpenAI GPT-4o-mini (fallback)
- **Knowledge Base Integration**: Tool-level and chat-level document context
- **Client Profile Support**: Personalized responses based on client data
- **Intelligent Fallback**: Automatic model switching with usage analytics
- **Vector Search**: Optimized tool recommendations with token savings

---

## 🎨 **FRONTEND COMPONENT ARCHITECTURE**

### **Component Structure**
- **Authentication**: Login, registration, route protection
- **Dashboard**: Main interface, tool discovery, quick actions
- **Admin**: Tool creation wizard, management interfaces
- **Chat**: AI conversation, question sequences, progress tracking
- **Projects**: Organization, tagging, history
- **Knowledge**: File upload, text extraction, vector embeddings
- **Shared**: Reusable UI elements, navigation

### **State Management (Zustand)**
- **Authentication Store**: User data, profile, admin status
- **Tools Store**: Dynamic tools, categories, featured tools
- **Project Store**: User projects, tags, operations
- **Chat Store**: Conversation state, message history

---

## ✅ **IMPLEMENTATION STATUS**

### **Completed Features**
- ✅ **Complete Backend Integration**: Supabase with PostgreSQL, Auth, Storage, Edge Functions
- ✅ **Dynamic Tool System**: Admin-created tools with no hardcoded content
- ✅ **AI Integration**: Claude + OpenAI with intelligent fallback and vector search
- ✅ **User Management**: Authentication, profiles, role-based access control
- ✅ **Project System**: User projects with client profile integration
- ✅ **File Processing**: PDF, DOCX, TXT, MD extraction for AI context
- ✅ **Admin Panel**: Complete tool/category/user/announcement management
- ✅ **Vector Search**: Optimized tool recommendations with embeddings
- ✅ **Production Deployment**: Live and accessible

---


## 🔧 **DEVELOPMENT SETUP**

### **Prerequisites**
- **Bolt Environment**: Access to Bolt with Claude Sonnet 4
- **Supabase Project**: URL and anon key
- **API Keys**: Anthropic (Claude) and OpenAI (GPT-4o-mini)

### **Environment Variables**
```bash
VITE_SUPABASE_URL=your_supabase_project_url
VITE_SUPABASE_ANON_KEY=your_supabase_anon_key
ANTHROPIC_API_KEY=your_anthropic_api_key
OPENAI_API_KEY=your_openai_api_key
```

## 🔐 **Invite Password Setup Flow**

New user invitations now land on a dedicated `/set-password` route that allows invited members to confirm the temporary Supabase session and create their first password. After deploying these changes, make sure your environment is configured to use the new page:

- **Supabase Auth → URL Configuration**
  - Update the **Site URL** so it points at your production application domain.
  - Add the full `/set-password` URL (for example `https://yourapp.com/set-password`) to the **Redirect URLs** list so Supabase can safely redirect invitees.
- **Supabase Edge Function (`ghl-sync`)**
  - Update the `APP_LOGIN_URL` secret to match the full `/set-password` URL so invite emails generated by the function point to the correct page.

Once these settings are in place, test by inviting a brand-new user, following the email link, creating a password, and signing in with the new credentials.

---

## 📊 **TESTING STRATEGY**

### **Test Coverage Goals**
- **Unit Tests**: 80%+ coverage for services and utilities
- **Integration Tests**: API endpoints, database operations, AI integration
- **E2E Tests**: Critical user flows, admin operations, chat functionality

---

## 🚀 **DEPLOYMENT STRATEGY**

### **Production Environment**
- **Frontend**: Vercel/Netlify with automatic deployments
- **Backend**: Supabase cloud infrastructure
- **Edge Functions**: Auto-deployed to Supabase Edge Runtime
- **Database**: PostgreSQL on Supabase cloud

---

## 🔒 **SECURITY CONSIDERATIONS**

### **Data Protection**
- **Row Level Security**: Database-level user data isolation
- **API Security**: Protected endpoints with authentication
- **File Security**: Secure upload with validation
- **Input Validation**: Comprehensive sanitization

---

## 🎯 **SUCCESS METRICS**

### **User Experience**
- ✅ **Time to Value**: Content creation within 2 minutes
- ✅ **User Retention**: Project-based organization encourages long-term use
- ✅ **Feature Adoption**: Core features fully implemented and functional

### **Technical Performance**
- ✅ **Performance**: Optimized with vector search and efficient data fetching
- ✅ **Reliability**: Comprehensive error handling and auth stability
- ✅ **Scalability**: Dynamic architecture supports unlimited tools and users

---

## 🎉 **CONCLUSION**

This platform is a **fully functional, production-ready SaaS application** built with modern technologies and best practices.

### **Key Implementation Benefits**
- ✅ **AI-First Architecture**: Multi-model support with intelligent fallback
- ✅ **Dynamic System**: Flexible, scalable architecture
- ✅ **User Experience**: Intuitive interfaces, no technical knowledge required
- ✅ **Performance**: Optimized for real-time AI processing
- ✅ **Security**: Comprehensive data protection and isolation

**Production-ready and actively deployed!** 🚀

---

**For detailed documentation, refer to the `docs/` folder.**

*Version: 3.0 - Production Documentation*
